[7.9] Node.js: update header masking (#817)
cap-js/docs: node.js/cds-log.md

### Header Masking

> Some header values shall not appear in logs, for example when pertaining to authorization. Configuration option `cds.env.log.mask_headers = [...]` allows to specify a list of matchers for which the header value shall be masked. Masked values are printed as `***`. The default config is `['/authorization/i', '/cookie/i', '/cert/i']`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some header values shall not appear in logs, for example when pertaining to authorization. Configuration option `cds.env.log.mask_headers = [...]` allows to specify a list of matchers for which the header value shall be masked. Masked values are printed as `***`. The default config is `['/authorization/i', '/cookie/i', '/cert/i', '/ssl/i']`.
```

::: warning

> In case your app shares any sensitive data (e.g., secrets) via headers, please ensure that you adjust the config as necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case your application shares any sensitive data (for example, secrets) via headers, please ensure that you adjust the configuration as necessary.
```
